
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="mirax_components">miraX Components</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
miraX is organized around several core components that support data visualization, analysis, modeling, and user interaction.
</p>

<p>
This section provides an overview of the main components available in the platform. Click on any component below to access more detailed documentation, including available datasets, tools, configuration options and usage examples.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;miraX Components&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;mirax_components&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-390&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="components">Components</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=basemaps" class="wikilink2" title="basemaps" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="basemaps">Base Maps</a>  </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Background cartographic layers used as spatial context for analysis and visualization.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=networks" class="wikilink1" title="networks" data-wiki-id="networks">Networks</a>  </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Public and proprietary monitoring networks providing real-time and historical data.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=layers" class="wikilink1" title="layers" data-wiki-id="layers">Layers</a>  </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Geospatial data layers available in the project, including raster and vector datasets.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=user_layers" class="wikilink1" title="user_layers" data-wiki-id="user_layers">User Layers</a>  </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
User-created or imported layers for custom analysis and collaboration.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=models" class="wikilink1" title="models" data-wiki-id="models">Models</a>  </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Simulation and analysis tools integrated into miraX.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=toolbar" class="wikilink2" title="toolbar" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="toolbar">Toolbar</a>  </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Interactive tools for exploration, measurement, drawing and analysis.
</p>
<hr />

<p>
Select a component to explore detailed documentation and available resources.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Components&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;components&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;391-&quot;} -->